DOCS-8272 OAS 3 (#150)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/acm-lightning-components.adoc

The available buttons are *Download Spec as RAML* and *Download Spec as OAS*.

> Specifications may be uploaded as RAML, OAS 2.0, or OAS 3.0. When a RAML version is uploaded, an OAS 2.0 version is automatically generated. When an OAS 2.0 or OAS 3.0 version is uploaded, a RAML version is automatically generated. Due to small differences in the RAML and OAS formats, the automatically generated version might have small inconsistencies with the uploaded version.

Reviewer: may > can
Also, change to active voice:
```suggestion
Upload specifications as RAML, OAS 2.0, or OAS 3.0. Uploading a RAML version automatically generates an OAS 2.0 version. Uploading an OAS 2.0 or OAS 3.0 version automatically generates a RAML version. Due to small differences in the RAML and OAS formats, the automatically generated version might be slightly inconsistent with the uploaded version.
```
"...be slightly but inconsequentially inconsistent..."?

Author: Much better! Fixed.

You can specify values for the following parameters of the Spec Downloader component:

Record Id:: Specifies the API. Default is `{!recordId}`, which downloads the specification of the API selected on the current page.
Layout:: Specifies the layout of the buttons, *Horizontal* (default) or *Vertical*.

> Buttons Color Picker:: Specifies the color of the buttons.

Reviewer: If these are in the UI as labels, they should probably be formatted * *

Author: Good point. I'll change this throughout the file in a future PR.
